Fix errors in the parsing docs (#135)
urbit/docs.urbit.org: content/courses/hoon-school/Q2-parsing.md

-   A {% tooltip label="tape" href="/glossary/tape" /%} is the string to
    be parsed.
-   A `hair` is the position in the text the parser is at, as a cell of
    line & column, `[p=@ud q=@ud]`.
-   A `nail` is parser input, a cell of `hair` and `tape`.

> -   An `edge` is parser output, a cell of `hair` and a `unit` of `*`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   An `edge` is parser output, a pair of a `hair` and a unit containing a pair of the result and a `nail`
```
